# An Interesting transition driven by AI

Area: Industry (Self-driving mobility/Demand forecasting) Baekeun Park

parkbae@iu.edu

The AI-Driven transition is an indispensable phenomenon in an
industrial field. It can be said that the effects that can occur when
classical industry merges with AI are endless. In this article, I
would like to introduce some special operating status and briefly
explain where AI is needed.

## 1. Smart Patrol â€“ Self-driving vehicles or drones

The Korea Gas Corporation is mainly responsible for importing natural
gas from natural gas producing countries/importing countries,
regasifying it at LNG production bases (acquisition bases), and
supplying it to local customers (city gas companies and power plants)
through natural gas supply pipelines. Therefore, the pipeline network
is operated from production bases to local customers and is 4,945
kilometers long. Also, there are 413 supply management stations in
certain sections. It is patrolled twice a day by an internal
combustion engine human-crewed vehicle to secure the above section's
stability. It is a group of two people per team, which is performed
through outsourcing.

Such patrol duties may be performed by using autonomous vehicles or
drones. If self- driving cars and drones are used, AI technologies
such as sensor technology and mapping technology should be
incorporated. AI technologies that can replace humans, such as
communication technology and video/signal processing technology, will
also be needed.
 
Through these methods, it is possible to overcome the time constraints
of patrol twice a day and can also be expected to save costs on
outsourcing. Besides, assuming that drones can be used, environmental
problems with internal combustion engines can be improved.

## 2.Artificial Intelligence pigging

In-Line-Inspection pigging (ILI pigging) is a technology that runs an
inspection "pig" in the pipeline network to conduct an abnormal
diagnosis of physical defects and corrosion inside the pipe and can be
diagnosed inside the pipeline without interruption in gas supply. Pig
cleans the pipelines in a long and narrow tube. It generally refers to
maintenance equipment usually inserted inside a pipe and moved by
internal fluids as an inspection and repair equipment. Currently, it
is operated by performing pigging using various types of pigs and then
checking the collected data to determine whether to repair the pipes.
Suppose multiple AI technologies such as video/signal
recognition/analysis technology, sensor technology, communication
technology, and robot control technology are combined. In that case,
intelligent pigs can be efficiently operated through
learning/cognition-based manipulation, and economic effects are
expected from the overall decision-making system improvement and
simplification of inspection procedures.

## 3. Forecasting natural gas demand

Korea's natural gas charges are divided into wholesale and retail
charges, and wholesale charges consist of raw material costs (LNG
introduction and incidental costs) and gas supply costs through the main
pipeline, and retail charges consist of wholesale and retail city gas
supply costs. LNG storage tanks at LNG acquisition bases store LNG
during the season when city gas demand is low and replenish LNG during
the winter when demand is higher than supply, with operating costs
included in wholesale charges and reflected in retail charges.
Therefore, it is crucial to properly predict natural gas demand
because it also affects natural gas charges by enhancing LNG storage
tank operations' efficiency.

Demand forecasting may not be included as an industry category in a
narrow sense, but it could be classified as a category of the gas
industry in a broad sense. Modeling natural gas demand forecasting
using AI can be said to be an AI-Driven transition. Through systematic
and active supply and demand management using modeling, mid-to
long-term plans can be established, and stable natural gas supply in
Korea can be expected by securing timely supplies.

More precise demand forecasting will lead to optimized operational
improvements in LNG introduction/transportation/storage/supply, which
can eventually affect raw material costs and introductory incidental
costs, so economic effects can be expected.
